README.md, before:

## Install

- Compile yourself or copy `jirahours` into your path. (You can download it here: https://cppse.nl/jirahours)
- Copy `example/jirahours.yaml` to `~/jirahours.yaml` and modify it.

## Usage

	trigen@zenbook:~/projects/jirahours[master]> jirahours 
	jirahours - whatever

	Usage:
	  jirahours [command]

	Available Commands:
	  fetch       Fetch all remotes on all repositories
	  generate    Generate a bash script to submit jira hours
	  help        Help about any command
	  issues      Read in a dates file and gather all relevant git commit messages for the min and max date found in this file.
	  submit      Submit hours to jira based on credentials specified in your config.
	  version     Print the version number of jirahours

	Flags:
		  --config string   config file (default is $HOME/jirahours.yaml)
	  -h, --help            help for jirahours
		  --viper           Use Viper for configuration (default true)

	Use "jirahours [command] --help" for more information about a command.

## Example

The typical workflow is the following.
Edit in your current directory a file named `dates.txt`, for example:

    2018-12-03
    2018-12-04
    2018-12-05
    2018-12-06
    2018-12-07
    2018-12-10
    2018-12-11
    2018-12-12
    2018-12-13
    2018-12-14
    2018-12-17
    2018-12-18

These dates will be the days that you have worked and you wish to generate jira hours for (later)

- `jirahours issues` produces an `issues.txt` with all commits from repositories you specified in your config that go from the min- and max dates in this `dates.txt`.
- `jirahours generate` produces an `submit_hours.sh` script you can invoke to submit the Tempo hours to Jira. This will read `issues.txt` and `dates.txt` to construct this script.

Each step you can manually inspect and change stuff. For example `issues.txt` might need some polishing before doing the `generate` step,
 or `submit_hours.sh` needs to be double checked until you are confident enough to run the bash script.

Executing `submit_hours.sh` will make calls to `jirahours` as well, to the following command to be specific:

- `jirahours submit` which can be used to send worklogs (one by one) to Jira. See `--help` for more info.

Note all above commands have parameters, and support `--help` or `jirahours help <command>`.


## Using a different range for dates.txt

Say your first day in `dates.txt` is a Monday, but you also worked on the weekend before, you might want to add the following hints in your `dates.txt`:

    ; 2018-12-01
    2018-12-03
    2018-12-04
    2018-12-05
    2018-12-06
    2018-12-07
    2018-12-10
    2018-12-11
    2018-12-12
    2018-12-13
    2018-12-14
    2018-12-17
    2018-12-18
    ; 2018-12-25

The semi-colon "comments" out the date, but it will be used when fetching the issues by min and max date.

## Other commands

- `jirahours fetch` to `git fetch --all` on each repository.

## Why?

Well this project was just an excuse to get better at golang, since I already had this above logic in some bash scripts writing it was pretty easy.
The advantage is that the logic seems to be stable, I've been using this for quite a while.

## Known issues

Tempo hours doesn't support chunks smaller than 15 minutes, so there are some tricks to make stuff work.
There is only one edge case if you want to log 8 hours of work. But you give an input of > 32 issues per day.
For example if you try 60 issues, that is: (8.0 * 60 minutes) / 60 issues = 8 minutes per issue,
but since it will be rounded to 15 minutes you will log way too much stuff: 15 minutes * 60 issues.

The other way around should be accounted for, I just discovered this edge case, so I feel like writing it down, might fix it later.
For now I want to catch some sleep!

## DISCLAIMER

The code is still a bit messy, hopefully I will get around to refactoring it a little bit.

Commit message:

Add build instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

## Install

- Compile yourself or copy `jirahours` into your path. (You can download it here: https://cppse.nl/jirahours)
- Copy `example/jirahours.yaml` to `~/jirahours.yaml` and modify it.

## Build

- Make sure you have go installed. I.e. `apt install golang` on Ubuntu.
- Checkout the source: `go get github.com/rayburgemeestre/jirahours` (Might take a while, pulls in also dependencies)
- Move to the checkout directory: `cd $HOME/go/src/github.com/rayburgemeestre/jirahours` 
- Run `go build` and you should have a `jirahours` in your current directory
- Run `cp -prv jirahours ~/.bin/` or something similar, to get it into your path.

## Usage

	trigen@zenbook:~/projects/jirahours[master]> jirahours 
	jirahours - whatever

	Usage:
	  jirahours [command]

	Available Commands:
	  fetch       Fetch all remotes on all repositories
	  generate    Generate a bash script to submit jira hours
	  help        Help about any command
	  issues      Read in a dates file and gather all relevant git commit messages for the min and max date found in this file.
	  submit      Submit hours to jira based on credentials specified in your config.
	  version     Print the version number of jirahours

	Flags:
		  --config string   config file (default is $HOME/jirahours.yaml)
	  -h, --help            help for jirahours
		  --viper           Use Viper for configuration (default true)

	Use "jirahours [command] --help" for more information about a command.

## Example

The typical workflow is the following.
Edit in your current directory a file named `dates.txt`, for example:

    2018-12-03
    2018-12-04
    2018-12-05
    2018-12-06
    2018-12-07
    2018-12-10
    2018-12-11
    2018-12-12
    2018-12-13
    2018-12-14
    2018-12-17
    2018-12-18

These dates will be the days that you have worked and you wish to generate jira hours for (later)

- `jirahours issues` produces an `issues.txt` with all commits from repositories you specified in your config that go from the min- and max dates in this `dates.txt`.
- `jirahours generate` produces an `submit_hours.sh` script you can invoke to submit the Tempo hours to Jira. This will read `issues.txt` and `dates.txt` to construct this script.

Each step you can manually inspect and change stuff. For example `issues.txt` might need some polishing before doing the `generate` step,
 or `submit_hours.sh` needs to be double checked until you are confident enough to run the bash script.

Executing `submit_hours.sh` will make calls to `jirahours` as well, to the following command to be specific:

- `jirahours submit` which can be used to send worklogs (one by one) to Jira. See `--help` for more info.

Note all above commands have parameters, and support `--help` or `jirahours help <command>`.


## Using a different range for dates.txt

Say your first day in `dates.txt` is a Monday, but you also worked on the weekend before, you might want to add the following hints in your `dates.txt`:

    ; 2018-12-01
    2018-12-03
    2018-12-04
    2018-12-05
    2018-12-06
    2018-12-07
    2018-12-10
    2018-12-11
    2018-12-12
    2018-12-13
    2018-12-14
    2018-12-17
    2018-12-18
    ; 2018-12-25

The semi-colon "comments" out the date, but it will be used when fetching the issues by min and max date.

## Other commands

- `jirahours fetch` to `git fetch --all` on each repository.

## Why?

Well this project was just an excuse to get better at golang, since I already had this above logic in some bash scripts writing it was pretty easy.
The advantage is that the logic seems to be stable, I've been using this for quite a while.

## Known issues

Tempo hours doesn't support chunks smaller than 15 minutes, so there are some tricks to make stuff work.
There is only one edge case if you want to log 8 hours of work. But you give an input of > 32 issues per day.
For example if you try 60 issues, that is: (8.0 * 60 minutes) / 60 issues = 8 minutes per issue,
but since it will be rounded to 15 minutes you will log way too much stuff: 15 minutes * 60 issues.

The other way around should be accounted for, I just discovered this edge case, so I feel like writing it down, might fix it later.
For now I want to catch some sleep!

## DISCLAIMER

The code is still a bit messy, hopefully I will get around to refactoring it a little bit.
